`hpa` - Better organization of files based on categories (#109)
humanitec-architecture/example-library: score/horizontalpodautoscaler/README.md

Define how to use an `horizontal-pod-autoscaler` resource type for a Workload.

> There should be a resource of type `horizontal-pod-autoscaler` defined in your resource definitions, [see examples here](https://developer.humanitec.com/examples/resource-definitions/hpa-driver/horizontalpodautoscaler/).

Reviewer: I suggest to link to the Template Driver Definition because that one honors the resource inputs from Score, while the hpa Driver based Definition does not.
```suggestion
There should be a resource of type `horizontal-pod-autoscaler` defined in your Resource Definitions which honors the resource inputs from Score, [see examples here](https://developer.humanitec.com/examples/resource-definitions/template-driver/horizontalpodautoscaler/).
```

Author: Actually the `hpa` Driver does take into account the `params`. And I think the idea is to show the managed `hpa` Driver and then from there, talk about the custom `template` option. To show that we have pre-built/ready-to-use Drivers?

Author: Suggesting to keep it like this.
